v0.3.1
======

:Date: 2026-05-04 (Asia/Tokyo)

Fixes
-----

* Remove guard using ``WarningOnly`` and use pending implement nodes visitor/departure instead. [ `#15`_ ]
* Remove proc that is already implemented by super class.

.. _#15: https://github.com/atsphinx/rst2typst/pull/15

v0.3.0
======

:Date: 2026-05-03 (Asia/Tokyo)

Features
--------

* Support doctest-block. [ `#9`_ ]
* Define visitor/departure for ``transition``. [ `#7`_ ]
* Define visitor/departure for ``superscript`` and ``subscript``.
* Implement passing function for unsupported inline syntax.
* Pending implement for ``title-reference``.
* Format Bibliographic elements with keys and values on separate lines. [ `#12`_ ]
* Render ``authors`` as multi-line value of field with escaping. [ `#12`_ ]
* Define transformer for literal nodes.

Fixes
-----

* Guard case that node does not have language. [ `#5`_ ]

.. _#5: https://github.com/atsphinx/rst2typst/issues/5
.. _#7: https://github.com/atsphinx/rst2typst/pull/7
.. _#9: https://github.com/atsphinx/rst2typst/pull/9
.. _#12: https://github.com/atsphinx/rst2typst/pull/12

v0.2.0
======

:Date: 2026-05-01 (Asia/Tokyo)

Features
--------

* Add translation for line block markup and directives. [ `#4`_ ]
* Add visitor/departure for ``compound`` and ``container`` directives.
* Escape special characters that are used in Typst syntax.
* Toggle warning guard by environment variable.

Fixes
-----

* Guard empty text node.
* Set relation of nodes correctly.
* Guard case that ``page_break_level`` is undefined.

.. _#4: https://github.com/atsphinx/rst2typst/pull/4

v0.1.2
======

:Date: 2026-04-29 (Asia/Tokyo)

Fixes
-----

* Fix column sizing for field list key column (``auto`` instead of ``1fr``). [ `#1`_ ]

.. _#1: https://github.com/atsphinx/rst2typst/issues/1

v0.1.1
======

:Date: 2026-03-05 (Asia/Tokyo)

Fixes
-----

* Fix dependencies correctly

  * Add docutils that is core library.
  * Remove atsphinx-footnotes that is only for document.

Others
------

* Update documents.

v0.1.0
======

:Date: 2026-02-28 (Asia/Tokyo)

First **official** release.

Features
--------

* Implement features that I need them.

  * Add writer to generate Typst code and PDF with transforms.
  * Add translator with visitor and departure for some nodes.
  * Add CLI command ``rst2typst`` and ``rst2typstpdf``.

Others
------

* Write demo
* Write documents. it includes PDF of demo that is generated by ``rst2typstpdf``.


v0.0.0
======

:Date: 2026-02-24 (Asia/Tokyo)

First release to use in localmachine by me.

I will note implements when it released after v0.0.1
